hi I'm Allegra lo it and we're at the
thermacell booth and this is our new
product the thermos all heated insult
the thing that is so cool about this
product is it's going to give you heat
for your feet on demand so this insole
here nice and flexible pretty durable
can go in any shoe or rather any boot
that you have so if you have an
early-season boot a late-season boot a
waiter this just slips into your boot it
works with this little remote so once
you're in your stand you know you can
have it on no heat when you're walking
near stand and then when you get to your
stand you can put it on medium heat
which is a hundred degrees or high which
is 110 degrees and have heat for your
feet you can see here we've got two
boots one over here has no heat in Seoul
and it's at 40 degrees and this one here
has a heating so let's at 110 and just
to show you how cool this is let's turn
the heat off we're going to press no
heat and we're going to give it a second
or two to adjust but you'll see the heat
start to decline now if you had your
foot in there it would obviously keep
the heat in that it's kind of like
opening a room put the window open and
heat dissipates one other thing I'll
show you is kind of how it works so when
you press the button the information
goes into the antenna down to the brains
the PCB board up to the heat box and
that's what's going to heat your feet
for more information on our heated
insoles go to our website thermacell
calm
you